Better Daedric Font
v3.2
by hardek

--Description
This mod is a high resolution replacement for the Daedric font used in spell scrolls. It is based on Dongle's Oblivion Worn font, found here: https://www.imperial-library.info/content/daedric-alphabet
Two styles are included: Standard and Aligned. In both, as with the original, the letters X and Y aren't present, uppercase and lowercase letters are identical and there are no numbers or punctuation marks.
The Standard style matches Morrowind's original font: letters are slightly different sizes and are positioned haphazardly. This is installed by default.
The Aligned style matches Dongle's font: letters are similar sizes and are positioned uniformly.
Additionally, both styles have a variant with the letters X and Y present. The sample images show all the available options.

--Changelog
-v3.0
Remade from scratch. Letter edges are softer and spacing is improved.
If you're using version 1 of this mod, version 3 uses a different method for the XY options. The file names are the same, so you can overwrite the old files with these new ones.
-v3.2
Adjusted spacing of d/D.
Adjusted spacing of absent characters.
Combined variants into single archive.

--Installation
1. Open your Morrowind\Data Files\Fonts folder and rename or make a copy of the file "daedric_font.fnt" found in there. If you don't do this, you won't be able to restore the original font.
2. Move the files "daedric_font.fnt" and "daedric_font_obw.tex" from this mod into the Fonts folder.
2b. If you want to use a different style, rename the desired .fnt file to "daedric_font.fnt" and move it into the Fonts folder, overwriting if prompted.

--Uninstallation
1. Delete "daedric_font.fnt" and "daedric_font_obw.tex" from the Fonts folder.
2. Replace the original "daedric_font.fnt" file.

--Permissions
This mod may be redistributed in whole or in part, in original or modified form, but only freely. This text file must be included with any redistribution.

--Credits
Bethesda Softworks, for Morrowind
Dongle, for his Oblivion Worn font
Hrnchamd, for Better Dialogue Font (which inspired me to make this)
Kvazar, for Littera font generator
ManaUser, for Morrowind Font Reader

--Contact
Find me as hardek at Nexus Mods: https://www.nexusmods.com/users/791999
